<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Basic example

This submodule deploys an Azure ExpressRoute Connection between ExpressRoute Gateway and ExpressRoute Circuit in the Virtual Hub

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (~> 1.7)

- <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) (~> 4.0)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azurerm_express_route_connection.er_connection](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/express_route_connection) (resource)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

No required inputs.

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_er_circuit_connections"></a> [er\_circuit\_connections](#input\_er\_circuit\_connections)

Description: Map of objects for ExpressRoute Circuit connections to connect to the Virtual WAN ExpressRoute Gateways.

The key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues with known after apply values. The value is an object, of which there can be multiple in the map:

- `name`: Name for the ExpressRoute Circuit connection.
- `express_route_gateway_key`: The arbitrary key specified in the map of objects variable called `expressroute_gateways` for the object specifying the ExpressRoute Gateway you wish to connect this circuit to.
- `express_route_circuit_peering_id`: The Resource ID of the ExpressRoute Circuit Peering to connect to.
- `authorization_key`: Optional authorization key for the connection.
- `enable_internet_security`: Optional boolean to enable internet security for the connection, e.g. allow `0.0.0.0/0` route to be propagated to this connection. See: https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-wan/virtual-wan-expressroute-portal#to-advertise-default-route-00000-to-endpoints
- `express_route_gateway_bypass_enabled`: Optional boolean to enable bypass for the ExpressRoute Gateway, a.k.a. Fast Path.
- `routing`: Optional routing configuration object for the connection, which includes:
  - `associated_route_table_id`: The resource ID of the Virtual Hub Route Table you wish to associate with this connection.
  - `propagated_route_table`: Optional configuration objection of propagated route table configuration, which includes:
    - `route_table_ids`: Optional list of resource IDs of the Virtual Hub Route Tables you wish to propagate this connection to. ()
    - `labels`: Optional list of labels you wish to propagate this connection to.
  - `inbound_route_map_id`: Optional resource ID of the Virtual Hub inbound route map.
  - `outbound_route_map_id`: Optional resource ID of the Virtual Hub outbound route map.
- `routing_weight`: Optional routing weight for the connection. Values between `0` and `32000` are allowed.

> Note: There can be multiple objects in this map, one for each ExpressRoute Circuit connection to the Virtual WAN ExpressRoute Gateway you wish to connect together.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    name                                 = string
    express_route_gateway_id             = string
    express_route_circuit_peering_id     = string
    authorization_key                    = optional(string)
    enable_internet_security             = optional(bool)
    express_route_gateway_bypass_enabled = optional(bool)
    routing = optional(object({
      associated_route_table_id = string
      propagated_route_table = optional(object({
        route_table_ids = optional(list(string))
        labels          = optional(list(string))
      }))
      inbound_route_map_id  = optional(string)
      outbound_route_map_id = optional(string)
    }))
    routing_weight = optional(number)
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_resource"></a> [resource](#output\_resource)

Description: Azure ExpressRoute Connection resource

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: Azure ExpressRoute Connection resource ID

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->